feat: restructure `ibc` crate (#975)
cosmos/ibc-rs: ibc-apps/README.md

# IBC Applications

> This crate is a top-level library that re-exports Inter-Blockchain Communication
> (IBC) applications implemented. It serves as a meta-crate, simplifying the
> process of importing and integrating various IBC applications into your
> blockchain. IBC is a distributed protocol that enables communication between
> distinct sovereign blockchains. IBC applications abstract away the core
> transport, authentication and ordering (TAO) layers, letter blockchain app
> developers focus solely on business logic implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate is a top-level library that re-exports implementations of Inter-Blockchain Communication
(IBC) applications. It serves as a meta-crate, simplifying the
process of importing and integrating various IBC applications into your
blockchain. IBC is a distributed protocol that enables communication between
distinct sovereign blockchains. IBC applications abstract away the core
transport, authentication, and ordering (TAO) layers, letting blockchain app
developers focus solely on implementing business logic.
```
